hi my name is Andy Jango the CEO and
co-founder of three gene today we're
launching super text a free text
messaging web inbox where you have a
threaded history of all your
conversations and you can do things that
your normal mobile phone can't do like
reply all text messaging to help me
today I have my friend Jenna and to show
you I'm first going to send her a text
message from my super text lebanon's to
do that I'm going to click here on new
message and I'm going to start typing
her name in the to field my selector
Jenna and I'm gonna ask her where are we
meeting now when I send her this message
she's going to receive that as a normal
text message on her iPhone we put at the
top of the text message the name the
person who sent it so it will say Andy
Jango and then below that it'll say the
subject of the message which is where we
mean it sounds like you got the message
I did so I just received Andy's message
asking where we're meeting and I'm going
to reply to him and tell him that were
Clement Street so now Jenna's typing her
message back to me and that's just a
normal text message that's going to come
back but it's going to be displayed in
my super text web inbox you can hear it
just arrived and it says here Clemente
Street so I'm just gonna tell her it
great and I'm gonna log off and and plan
on meeting her there
so one of the best things about three
Jim super ties is the fact that you are
able to get your messages no matter
whether you're online or whether you're
offline so I'm now only reachable on my
mobile phone because I'm no longer
logged in on the web and so when Jenna
responds to me so I'm responding to Andy
right now because we never decided what
time we're going to meet and she's going
to send a text message that I'm not
going to be able to receive on the web
because I'm not logged in there anymore
but I'm gonna be able to receive it on
my phone one of the things that three
Jim does with the present text text
technology is keep track of whether I'm
signed in online or whether I need to
have my messages delivered to me mobile
so I'm gonna check my phone and I've
received a message from Jenna and she's
asked me what time so I can just respond
to her like any other text message and
I'm gonna tell her we're gonna need an
ATM
and she's gonna receive that message
back on her phone just as if I'd
responded from the wing so essentially
what three Jim has done is taken some of
the richness of the instant messaging
experience and combined it with the
ubiquity of SMS and text messaging in
that I can reach anybody at any time so
free sending and receiving when you're
on line of text messages in a threaded
conversation history of all your
messages and things that your mobile
phone can't do like reply all text
messaging